Detach listeners when a topic is destroyed while elements are attached (#5599)
zeroc-ice/ice: changelog.d/datastorm/5469-datastorm-topic-destroy-detach.md

- Fixed a bug in DataStorm where destroying a topic while a peer was still attached to one of its elements did not

>   detach the listeners, leaking them and (in debug builds) tripping an assertion.

Reviewer: The current text reads as though this happens routinely. Since the trigger is specifically destroying a topic *before* the readers/writers created from it (uncommon under normal RAII order), maybe make that explicit:

```suggestion
- Fixed a bug in DataStorm where destroying a topic before the readers and writers created from it, while a peer was
  still attached to one of them, leaked the listeners and (in debug builds) tripped an assertion. This is uncommon,
  since readers and writers are normally destroyed before their topic.
```
